CarX Drift Racing Online;CarX Drift Racing Online is your chance to immerse yourself in the real world of drifting. Get together with friends, tune your car and burn some tires!;assets\Carx Drift Racing - CORRIDA.jpg;Corrida
Counter-Strike: Global Offensive;Counter-Strike: Global Offensive (CS: GO) expands upon the team-based action gameplay that it pioneered when it was launched 19 years ago. CS: GO features new maps, characters, weapons, and game modes, and delivers updated versions of the classic CS content (de_dust2, etc.).;assets\Counter Strike - Estratégico_Ação.jpg;FPS
Dota 2;Every day, millions of players worldwide enter battle as one of over a hundred Dota heroes. And no matter if it's their 10th hour of play or 1,000th, there's always something new to discover. With regular updates that ensure a constant evolution of gameplay, features, and heroes, Dota 2 has taken on a life of its own.;assets\Dota 2 - MOBA_ESTRATEGIA.jpg;MOBA
Lost Ark;Embark on an odyssey for the Lost Ark in a vast, vibrant world: explore new lands, seek out lost treasures, and test yourself in thrilling action combat in this action-packed free-to-play RPG.;assets\Lost Ark -AVENTURA_RPG_FANTASIA.jpg;RPG
Red Dead Redemption II;Winner of over 175 Game of the Year Awards and recipient of over 250 perfect scores, RDR2 is the epic tale of outlaw Arthur Morgan and the infamous Van der Linde gang, on the run across America at the dawn of the modern age. Also includes access to the shared living world of Red Dead Online.;assets\Red Dead Rdemption - AÇÃO.jpg;Ação
SackBoy;PERFECTLY CRAFTED FOR PCPlayStation® icon Sackboy bursts into action on PC in a huge 3D multiplayer platforming adventure. • An epic journey stuffed with platforming challenges.• Deeply immersive controls.• Collaborative, chaotic and joyful multiplayer fun.;assets\SickBoy - AVENTURA.jpg;Aventura
Sims 4;Play with life and discover the possibilities. Unleash your imagination and create a world of Sims that’s wholly unique. Explore and customize every detail from Sims to homes–and much more.;assets\Sims 4 - CASUAL.jpg;Casual
VALORANT;Blend your style and experience on a global, competitive stage. You have 13 rounds to attack and defend your side using sharp gunplay and tactical abilities. And, with one life per-round, you'll need to think faster than your opponent if you want to survive. Take on foes across Competitive and Unranked modes as well as Deathmatch and Spike Rush.;assets\valorant.png;FPS
